As you are well aware, in $MONTH of this year, you stopped paying me child support. As I still had money saved up from being frugal during covid, I did not argue with this at the time, and when I wanted to a month and change ago, I was informed that you currently had problems with your clients, so I again deferred. However, I am now doing so. 

I claim this child support by right, as by law you have an obligation to pay this amount. In addition, I claim the payment of child support as of the date you stopped paying, as I do not acknowledge this was legitimate. However, as I of course cannot lay claim to the ability to write a legal document, this is instead an argument taking into account the legal factors as I understand them, as well as an appeal on the merits of my situation as it appears to me.

1. Angemessene Ausbildung. 

One of the main measures indicating the expected duration of study is the Regelstudienzeit, i.e. the amount of semesters the university claims it is possible to complete their degrees in. Due to the fact that the 3 Semesters during COVID did not count towards the Regelstudienzeit, I am still within my Regelstudienzeit. This is because the university acknowledges that during COVID it was and is not able to offer all courses one might need to complete one's studies, and indeed not all necessary courses were available to me. Additionally, I suffered long delays of months from officials unable to confirm my courses, or provide adequate information which to choose. From the beginning of may until the end of august 2021, my university suffered from the aftereffects of a hack, to a certain extent, it still does. During this time, the issues were excarbated, as there was no way to contact the relevant university staff, and all electronic course management systems were offline. Despite these adversities, I was able to find a few courses, many of them at other universities, and enroll in them, an effort which was not trivial.
As a full-time student I am not obliged to work, as you have previously insinuated, and especially not for your charities, which would not ease your financial burden anyway, as they are charities. Furthermore, claims of your supposed financial independence at the same age are completely irrelevant, they have the additional virtue of being false.

2. Bedürftigkeit. 

As of right now, I have less than 1000€ on my account, and no financial inflows besides besides the monthly child credit ("Kindergeld") of 200€. Barring extraordinary costs, my absolute minimum expenditures are 500€ rent, plus 250€ of food and hygene articles, 50€ for bills, e.g. cellphone contracts. In addition there are further regular but nonmonthly costs such as clothing, a 6-monthly payment to the university of 350€, and so on. As inflation continues to rise, these costs too continue to rise, by the amount of inflation that the relative category of good is subject to. 

3. Ability to pay. 

As I do not have access to your financial documents, I am unable to completely determine this. However, it is worth bearing in mind that your house counts as income, specifically, the amount you would have to pay in rent would you not have the house counts as income for the purpose of determining child support. If paying the back payments immediately would cause significant financial problems, feel free to break them up into a few chunks as it best suits your needs.

4. Justification and closing remarks. 

Your argument for not having to provide financial support to me, which you have made or implied at different points, hinges on three ideas: That for you to have a responsibility for child support obliges me to certain duties in affection, and not performing these supposed duties voids my claim to child support; that I have both the time or the ability to currently find gainful employment with future prospects, or that you do not care if my employment has future prospects as long as it is gainful, and not doing so therefore allows you to abrogate your responsibility; and that my not having completed my studies yet constitutes a reason to nullify my claim to child support. As the regulations themselves go, these are either false or irrelevant. I presume it will be a cold day in hell before the law proscribes a duty for affection, not least of which due to the abhorrence of that idea on its merits. (Providing money for the affection of those with negotiable affections may be legal in Germany, but that's a different line of business.) Equally nonsensical: All children ought to provide affection, so those who don't are no true children at all.
Secondly, employment. To state it plainly: Your ideas about employment are outdated. While the meritocracy is a myth, requirements for jobs have changed since you grew up. The percentage of jobs that require a bachelors degree have grown from 30 to 70% between 1980 and today, at the same time real wages have shrunk, and the split between low-wage jobs and high-wage specialized jobs have become more pronounced. Neither are low-wage jobs restricted to uneducated professions: competition between graduates has driven down wages in most humanities-related jobs to less than 20€ per hour, commonly even below 15€ per hour. This has not left the field of computer science unaffected - despite friendly faces and honeyed words, job interviews today contain extensive testing on a variety of computer science subjects as well as the requirement to know a significant set of technologies, demonstrated via projects one has used these technologies in. There's a reason that even computer science graduates generally spend multiple months working on projects and otherwise preparing for job interviews - and it's not that every single computer science graduate is lazy and incompetent these days. Therefore, I feel fully justified, as someone who has decidedly not studied computer science, in taking some amount of time to also master these concepts. 
Finally, I wholeheartedly repudiate the idea that there is any ground for you to stand on to make the claim that I should have completed my studies by now, and best of all I should also already have a job as a programmer. While prima facie it may seem reasonable - after all, I have, after switching university twice been studying for five years, and a different person might indeed be able to point that out, for you to do that would condemn you to the eigth circle of hell, the hypocite to end all hypocrites: For why have I not completed my studies if not for moving cities, and engaging in various interesting, wild, but not university-accredited activities, but from you? Where else should I have learned that it is more valuable to go to interesting cities and go on wild adventures, than your own stories of doing exactly those things, be it in SEA or in Berlin? Where should I have learned the dubious lesson that going to class for eight hours a day was more valuable than doing acting and taking theatre courses, when the value you appreciated was getting out of classes to go to the library, or going to wine-tasting courses in Paris, a story you have retold so often that one wonders INSERT METAPHOR HERE. I should have learned that I should limit myself to exactly one area of inquiry - when have you ever done the same? No, my real crime was daring to step out of your shadow or not to glorify you sufficiently when I did. It was repudiating things you stood for, to dare to be radical in a way you will probably never dare to be. While you became vegetarian in your late 20s, our generation has been vegan for years (and for a while now, even me!). While you will probably never be able to truly understand that there could be more than two genders (many more, even), and while for you, femininity will always equal gay (never understanding that those are two completely separate categories - or understanding that bodies you don't desire don't have to be scary), we are already embodying the change. And while you still think the highest form of progressivism is for a old upper-middle-class white guy (though of course jewish, who could forget) to explain all the worlds problems to them, we have learned that often, the best way to truly affect change is to be silent when those who are not white or not straight or not male-or-female or not thin, those who are chronically or mentally ill, those who do not feel romantic or sexual attraction, or even *gasp* women. And then, once they're done, not to take the stage. Not to interpret their experiences for them. Not to talk at all, but to be silent afterwards too.

Finally: if you want to say: "But I did it all without any support!" - bullshit. Adjust the money and support you got from your grandfather and it adds up to more than I have ever recieved. And wouldn't that just be ironic - you kicking away the ladder that got you where you are today, the ladder you recieved from the same person after which I am named.  

Regards,

Sam
